well howdy there I don't have people
let's bow again so today we're gonna
talk about men's rights activists and
Selective Service that's the draft in
the United States military conscription
men's rights activists are generally
looked down upon by American society at
large and widely look down upon within
the actus community they are seen as a
bunch of guys who don't want to pay
child support want to use their child as
leverage to control their ex-wife or
former domestic abusers that is widely
how they are looked at true or not
that's the image why do they have this
image we're about to see
so a MRA men's rights activist group in
Texas filed suit in federal court and
claimed that the draft was
discriminatory they believe that women
should face the same repercussions as
men for non-compliance now of course
they won they won in court the old
Supreme Court ruling was from the 80s
back when women were not allowed in
combat today that has changed so you
know the Supreme Court relied on the
fact that women weren't allowed in
combat as a reason to disallow them from
the draft since that fact has changed
the federal court has said well you're
right now so do men's rights activists
actually want women in the draft do they
want to ship them off to war not
according to the m-ras i've talked to
the idea is it's a strategy they believe
that if women
were subject to the draft they would be
more vocal in calling out to end it
and therefore the draft would end sooner
that that's the idea for whatever reason
that's that's that's the strategy so if
you want to end the draft as a whole you
must understand that the draft is
immoral the idea of taking someone using
the threat of government violence to get
them to fight for you is wrong that it's
not a responsibility that should be held
in the modern age this is something that
occurred during feudalism so the idea of
using the threat of government violence
to get someone to fight for you is wrong
that's that's what they just did that's
their strategy while opposing the draft
they turn around and draft women to
fight for them meanwhile exposing them
to that government violence you know the
idea that a lot of them were like well
no no no it's not that you know the DoD
will never draft women really because
their policies have changed that's why
the ruling changed its was in your
argument if there was a draft women
could certainly be included now because
they're no longer prohibited from
military service in combat I don't want
ideological consistency is very very
important especially when you're trying
to build a movement so using the same
tactic as your opposition using the same
tactic that you're trying to get rid of
probably isn't advisable if you want to
build a movement now if you just want to
be edgy whiny little boys hey look you
won one but the reality is you just put
millions of lives at risk in theory
you don't seek equality and oppression
you seek equality and freedom
can you imagine Martin Luther King
walking out and saying I have a dream
that one day all white people will be
treated as badly as we are of course not
that's stupid but that was the strategy
just employed that's what was just used
now in reality none of this matters
because despite it apparently being a
very very hot topic for them and
something they feel necessary to file
suit in federal court over they
obviously aren't keeping up with the
topic the National Commission on
military National Public Service was
convened in 2016 the report is due out I
think early next year the guy that's
running the show on this commission he
said that the key question they're
trying to figure out is why do we even
need a draft at all why does he have
this opinion because it's cost 1.1
billion dollars and we haven't used it
since 1973 so there's a Military
Commission there's a commission that is
going to be advising DoD apparently we
haven't seen the final report yet but it
certainly looks like they're gonna
advise the OD to kill Selective Service
to kill the draft now DoD can't overrule
this but if they do what are the odds
they're gonna care about women that are
now upset and calling for it to end
not much so either it was going to end
on its own or it isn't going to end and
you've exposed millions of women to the
threat of government violence now there
is the argument that with equal rights
comes equal responsibility and that
would that's true that is true if it's
actually a responsibility do you really
feel that it's your responsibility to
lay down your life for the state
whatever they call you get no say in the
matter
I don't think so
again that sounds like something that
belongs in feudal times what the men's
rights activists community has done is
taken hostages it's what they've done
they're attempting to take hostages they
wonder why they're seen as domestic
abusers and then they do this you didn't
do what I wanted so here comes the
violence just follow it up go ahead and
make a post you know look at what you
made me do that's why this image exists
you've taken hostages in an attempt to
get what you want you're willing to hurt
the innocent those that aren't complicit
in it to get what you want if you want
to take a stand and take a stand
don't take hostages anyway it's just a
fall I'll have a good night